Dad?
Hey, I'm sorry about tonight.
I should, uh, reintroduce myself.
I'm Liam.
What are you doing here?
Well, you've had a fever since we've gone back,
and you're still burning.
I don't need a bodyguard.
Emma.
Ms. Vanderbilt.
I'm afraid you don't really have a choice.
Your father hired me to be your bodyguard
as you regain your vision.
And I'm just supposed to believe you,
because of that tape.
Please.
It was just for show.
Why did you have to get hurt like that?
Well, how are they going to believe it
if I'm not actually hurt?
Also, didn't I tell you not to come into my room?
She can't see anything.
Besides your hurt, I have the right to check on you
as her stepmother.
Right, but she can hear.
We have to be very careful at this critical moment.
I don't care what you do after,
but I want those shares from Emma.
I'll take care of this myself.
You go check on her.
Hey, Emma.
Daniel, are you OK?
You OK?
Yeah, I'm all right.
Let's have a seat.
How are you feeling?
Epeline, what are you doing here?